Update readme (#48)
Georiviere/Georiviere-public: README.md

You can locally build and launch the application using yarn, following the same method used in development.

#### Prerequisite

> - You need to use a node version 18

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You need to use node. You can use [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to get required version.
```

- Use nvm and then:

```bash

> nvm use 18

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nvm use
```

use version defined in .nvmrc
